# Emojize

---

Because emoji aren’t quite as easy to type as text, at least on laptops and desktops, some programs support “codes,” whereby you can type, for instance, `:thumbs_up:`, which will be automatically converted to 👍. Some programs additionally support aliases, whereby you can more succinctly type, for instance, `:thumbsup:`, which will also be automatically converted to 👍.

See [carpedm20.github.io/emoji/all.html?enableList=enable\_list\_alias](https://carpedm20.github.io/emoji/all.html?enableList=enable_list_alias) for a list of codes with aliases.

In a file called `emojize.py`, implement a program that prompts the user for a `str` in English and then outputs the “emojized” version of that `str`, converting any codes (or aliases) therein to their corresponding emoji.

## Hints

* Note that the `emoji` module comes with two functions, per [pypi.org/project/emoji](https://pypi.org/project/emoji/), one of which is `emojize`, which takes an optional, named parameter called `language`. You can install it with:

  ```
  pip install emoji

  ```

## Before You Begin

Execute `cd` by itself in your terminal window. You should find that your terminal window's prompt resembles the below:

```
$

```

Next execute

```
mkdir emojize

```

to make a folder called `emojize` in your codespace.

Then execute

```
cd emojize

```

to change directories into that folder. You should now see your terminal prompt as `emojize/ $`. You can now execute

```
code emojize.py

```

to make a file called `emojize.py` where you’ll write your program.

## How to Test

Here’s how to test your code manually:

* Run your program with `python emojize.py`. Type `:1st_place_medal:` and press Enter. Your program should output:

  ```
  Output: 🥇

  ```
* Run your program with `python emojize.py`. Type `:money_bag:` and press Enter. Your program should output:

  ```
  Output: 💰

  ```
* Run your program with `python emojize.py`. Type `:smile_cat:` and press Enter. Your program should output:

  ```
  Output: 😸

  ```
